What is HTTP? hypertext transfer protocol, it is a method of transfering information, usually a html webpage, across a network.
What is a URL? a shorthand way of requesting something from some server/location; it consists of the protocol used to request,
the hostname of where you are requesting to and the resource you are trying to request.
What is DNS? Domain name service, it is what interprets urls like google.com into the actual corresponding ip addresses.
What is a query string? a set of arguments that can be optionally passed in with the url that the server can interpret in order to do something.
What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different? Two examples are GET and POST; where GET is purely a consequence free retrieval request,
 a POST request usually provides some information for the server to update on receipt. 
What is an HTTP request? a HTTP request is the message sent from the client to the server, containing specifiers for what information
is being requested.
What is an HTTP response? the response to a request made from the server to the client, contains a response code specifying if it worked,
and the body of the requested information if it did.
What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen. The header is information attached to a request
or response that provides additional information about the contents of the requst/response. For instance, Accept indicates what type of content 
the response should be, like html or css. Accept-language indicates what natural language the response should be in.
What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser? Essentially, the browser sends the hostname
somesite.com to the router, which checks the local DNS server to resolve the hostname to an ip address (checks local, then isp, then major dns server).
after resolving the ip address, the request is sent to that ip address for the resource some/page.html. somesite.com will return a response,
that may or may not contain some/page.html depending on the response code/if it could find it. the browser then interprets the body of the response,
and tries to render it. if there are additional styles or scripts in the html, the browser will request that content as well, and finally render the page.